www.NapiProjekt.pl - nowa jakość napisów.
Napisy zostały specjalnie dopasowane do Twojej wersji filmu.
Congratulations, Hudson
High class of 2004.
There she is. Fiona!
Bye.
- Hey.
- Ha, ha.
- Hey, you.
Mm.
- Congratulations, graduate.
- Thanks, baby.
And congratulations
to you, Cooper.
Aw. Thanks, baby.
Nice try.
All right. See you at
Wade's party tonight?
- See you then.
- All right.
So it's just you and me
for the entire summer.
Next year you graduate,
join me at college.
See? Just like we planned.
- Scott, we need to talk.
- Yeah? About what?
About me dumping you.
Huh?
There he is. The graduate and his
beautiful girlfriend. Huh? Okay?
Smile, you two.
- Action.
- Dad, Morn, Grandma...
...Uncle Moke, uh...
...I'm gonna need a
minute here, okay?
What do you mean,
you're dumping me?
Scott, I just can't take all the lying
and cheating on each other anymore.
What are you talking about?
Sweetie, I never cheated on you.
I know. That's what
makes this so hard.
You're looking good, you guys.
Scotty, it's not you.
It's me.
There I go, lying again.
No, it was you.
You're just so...
...predictable. - Smile!
So that's it.
Here's your letter jacket back.
Goodbye.
This isn't mine.
She's a keeper, huh? Oh, wow.
Oh, my God.
Fiona!
Let's see that again.
- This is just so brutal.
- Ha, ha.
And yet I can't look away.
Bert, play it again. Come on.
- Fiona!
- Bert, get out of here.
Ha, ha. Okay. See you, Coop.
All right. Stay black, Bert.
Ha, ha. "Fiona!"
Mail, motherfucker!
Hey, I got one from Mieke.
"Happy herzlichen."
You still writing that guy? I thought
that was just for German class.
Uh, yeah, it was at first, but we're
actually becoming good friends.
He's a really cool guy.
"Dear Mieke, greetings from
your American pen pal."
Scotty, Girl Scouts
have pen pals.
Listen to yourself, all right?
You met a "cool guy"
on the "Internet."
This is how these sexual predators work.
Next thing you know...
...he's gonna want to
"arrange a meeting"...
...uh, where he will gas you, stuff
you in the back of his van...
...and make a wind chime
out of your genitals.
- Ha, ha.
- Come on, let's go to Wade's.
All right. Screw it. Let's go.
I'm not gonna let Fiona
ruin my graduation night.
Auf wiedersehen, Mieke.
- Heh. What's up, losers?
- What's up, Jenny?
What's up, dude?
- Sorry to hear about Fiona. She's a whore.
- That's very sweet of you. Thanks.
Enough Fiona talk. Look around.
There's gotta be 100 drunk girls.
We should try to have sex
with every one of them.
Hello? Mixed company?
What?
- I'm a girl.
- No, you're not.
- You're just a cool guy with long hair.
- So where's your evil twin brother at?
Jenny!
Oh. There he is.
Hey, Jamie. In fine form, I see.
Mm. Why'd you get
me gin and tonic?
- I hate gin.
- You do?
You guys are the
worst twins ever.
"ALL". Chug! Chug! Chug!
- When are you guys taking off?
- Tomorrow morning.
Hey, Wade. Great party, bud.
Man, I am so excited.
A whole summer, backpacking
around Europe.
You should've come with us instead
of working for Dr. Dad, Scotty!
Oh! It's gonna be so awesome.
Yeah. I planned every detail of
the trip to maximize the fun.
You brought a
guidebook to a party?
- Do you wanna see my itinerary?
- Do you wanna see my balls?
You guys decide where
you're gonna go first?
Paris! I can't wait.
I heard two years ago,
Nicky Jager's sister,
Debbie, met a wealthy
French guy...
...and spent a month sailing the
Mediterranean on his yacht.
Isn't that the most romantic
thing you've ever heard?
Stuck on a boat with
a weird French guy?
- That sounds a little gay.
- It's not gay. I'm a girl.
- Kind of gay.
- A little gay.
All right, I gotta piss
like a pregnant woman.
Hey, listen up, everybody.
Got a little special thing
I'd like to do tonight.
Gonna play a little song for you
about the nastiest, freakiest...
...little sex puppet I know...
...Fiona.
This one's for you, baby.
Happy anniversary.
Scotty doesn't know
That Fiona and me.
Do it in my van every Sunday.
She tells him she's in
church But she doesn't go.
Still, she's on her knees
And Scotty doesn't know.
Oh, Scotty doesn't know.
So don't tell Scotty
Scotty doesn't know.
Scotty doesn't know
I hope we're just as
popular in college...
...as we were in high school.
- We Will be.
- I know.
Who needs more Chablis?
- Candy, wanna come with?
- No, I'll stay here.
Hello, Candy.
- "Whoops!
- Aah!"
Ha, ha. Holy cow!
Oh, this isn't where
I parked my car.
I can't believe
he's so trusting.
While I'm right
behind you thrusting
'Cause Scotty doesn't
know Scotty doesn't know
Cooper Harris, you're a pig.
Uh, Candy, before you go, uh,
you might wanna clean that off.
Clean what off?
It's like, uh, dirt, or something.
Go like this.
Well, no, it's kind of
under, and to the side...
...and under.
- Is it off?
- No.
I think your top is
getting in the way.
- Really?
- Trust me.
That's better. Uh,
but keep rubbing it.
I did it with her
on his birthday.
Scotty doesn't know
Scotty doesn't know.
Don't tell Scotty
Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
No, it's just not coming off.
- What is it?
- Fine, I'll do it. Come here.
Oh, my God. Candy.
Cooper.
Hey.
This isn't where
I parked my car.
Scotty doesn't know.
Scotty doesn't know
Scotty doesn't know Scotty
doesn't, Scotty doesn't...
Hey.
Scotty doesn't know.
This band rocks.
Yeah.
Mail, motherfucker.
Hey, Mieke.
"Dear Scott, I was very sad to hear about
your lady woman, Fiona, dumping you."
Since you no longer have a girlfriend,
maybe I could come to America...
...and we could get to
know each other better.
Perhaps we could...
"...zussamen."
What the fuck is "zussamen"?
"Arrange a meeting."
No, no, no. Come on.
Cooper was right.
This guy wants to
have sex with me.
Um, "listen, Mieke..."
...I don't want to arrange
any meetings with you.
You sick, German freak.
So please keep your hands
off my genitals...
...and never write to me again,
and don't come to America.
"Good bye."
Ow.
I'm never drinking again.
Oh, that's nice.
- Bert, what are you doing?
- Reading your e-mail.
Don't do that.
Why are you wearing my bathrobe?
Oh, I'm sorry...
...but somebody pissed all
over mine last night.
Wow. I can't believe this German chick
wants to come here and hook up with you.
I don't think so, buddy.
Mieke's a guy.
Um, no, it says right here,
"trauriges madchen. ".
"I was a sad girl to
hear about Fiona."
I'm taking Intro to German,
and even I know that.
Come here.
He sent me a picture, retardo.
See? That's a picture of Mieke
and that's his cute cousin, Jan.
No, retardo.
That's Jan, a man's name,
and that's not "Mike."
It's "Mieke". A common
German girl's name...
...similar to our Michelle.
I hope you wrote her back and
told her to come and visit.
You didn't?
You thought she was a guy.
I'm getting the video camera.
Ha.
- What an asshole.
- No. No.
No.
No!
"Address blocked"?
"E-mail not delivered."
No. No, come on.
Hey, Mom made waffles.
- What's going on?
- I'm in love with my pen pal.
I'm in love with Mieke.
Okay. Okay.
You know what? I was
actually expecting this.
And frankly, I'm flattered you
picked me to come out to first.
And don't worry about
telling your folks...
...because, uh, I think
they already know.
No, you idiot.
Mieke is a girl.
No, no, I get it. Yeah. He's the
girl, and you're the girl...
...and sometimes, uh,
you're both the girl.
Right? Right? That's hot.
But whatever works for you.
I'm not gonna judge it.
Will you stop? Look, come here.
Look at this picture.
Wow. Who's the hot chick?
That's Mieke. I mean, Mieke.
That's Mieke? That's who you've
been writing to all this time?
Until last night, when
I took your advice and
told her to keep her
hands off my genitals.
Given what we know now, that seems like
the exact opposite of what you want.
This is a total disaster.
Oh, come on. It's not that bad.
Though she is really hot.
You're not listening. I don't
even care what she looks like.
Mieke and I, we had
this incredible bond.
I told her things I
couldn't even tell you.
Like what?
Nothing. It's a figure
of speech, Coop.
- No, seriously. What?
- Nothing. The point is...
- You like me better, right?
- Listen...
...this girl is not only smart and
funny, and stunningly beautiful...
...but until I screwed up, she wanted
to come all the way to America...
...just to be with me.
- So do something about it.
- What can I do?
She blocked her e-mail account,
her phone number's not listed.
The only thing I know
is she lives in Berlin.
So go to Berlin.
I can't just go to Berlin, Coop.
- Why not?
- Because.
I just can't, okay? I'm supposed
to work for my Dad this summer.
It looks good on my
med-school application.
Oh, Jesus, Scotty.
Man, Fiona was right.
You're so predictable.
- I'm going to Germany.
- No.
We're going to Germany.
How are we going
to get to Germany?
Don't worry. I've
got it covered.
We're going to be couriers?
It's the best way to
get a cheap flight.
All we have to do is carry their packages,
and then drop them off when we get there.
- My cousin did it when he went to India.
- Yeah?
Yeah. Of course, he, uh, ended up using
a public restroom in New Delhi...
...and, uh, they had to cut off his leg.
You know...
...but he got there cheap,
is what I'm saying.
Okay, I don't have anything
to Germany for a week.
Uh, but I can get you both
to London today for $118.
Anything else?
Europe is like the size
of the Eastwood Mall.
We can walk to
Berlin from there.
Cooper, England's an island.
Okay, swim. Whatever.
We'll take it.
- Hey.
- "Hmm?"
Thanks for coming with me.
I know you had that internship
at the law firm this summer.
Well, forget about the law firm.
And don't thank me. I
should be thanking you.
This trip is a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
for me to broaden
my sexual horizons.
Ha, ha. What are
you talking about?
I'm talking about
crazy European sex.
Ah.
- You know America was founded by prudes.
- Mm.
Prudes who left Europe...
...because they hated all the kinky,
steamy European sex that was going on.
And now I, uh, Cooper Harris...
...will return to the land of
my perverted forefathers...
...and claim my birthright...
...which is a series of erotic and
sexually challenging adventures.
You've really thought a lot
about this, haven't you?
It's my passion.
Come on, come on.
The adventure begins.
Welcome to jolly old England.
Yeah, breathe that sweet,
sexy, European air.
- Oh.
- What is that?
Uh, it's the phone they
gave me at the law firm.
Yeah, it's pretty neat, huh?
- Works anywhere.
- Yeah?
Excuse me.
Cooper here.
Hello, Mr. Walters.
Uh, yes, sir, I'm
down in file storage.
Uh, hang on one second.
No, sir, I can't find the
Gutterman file anywhere.
Yes, sir, I'll keep looking.
No, I don't rest
until I find it.
Didn't tell your boss you
were leaving the country?
- They would've stopped paying me.
- Right.
It seemed easier.
- So where to?
- Uh, I don't know.
First bus to Berlin doesn't
leave till tomorrow.
What do you wanna do? Got
the Tower of London...
...there's Buckingham Palace.
- Uh...
- There's no drinking age.
- There you go.
- Come on.
Hey. "The Feisty Goat."
All right.
What do you wanna...?
Soccer hooligans.
Hey, this isn't where
I parked my car.
(Dy-.
Who the bloody hell are you?
This is a private members bar,
exclusively for the supporters...
...of the greatest football
team in the world:
Manchester United.
Now, please, enlighten me.
Who the fuck are you?
That is a good
question, and, Scotty?
Huh?
We're the Manchester
United Fan Club...
...from Ohio.
If you're Manchester
United supporters...
...sing the Manchester
United song.
Ahem. Excuse me, I'm sorry.
I'm not much of a singer.
Aah! Sing!
My baby takes the
morning train.
He works from 9 to 5 and then.
He takes another home again.
To find me...
Watching the Manchester
United football team.
Huh?
The best freaking team in all the land.
Woo-hoo!
Pretty good.
- Pretty dang good, lads.
- Yeah.
To find me waiting for him
I've unblocked your
e-mail address...
...but this Scott
is not responding.
He was the one.
I was going to give
myself to him.
Perhaps you should give
yourself to someone else.
I'm never drinking again.
Coop, wake up.
Oh, man, that was a wild night.
You think?
Scotty, where the
hell are we going?
Don't worry. If anything bad
happens, my parents will find us.
Honey, where's Scotty?
Cooper said they
were going camping.
Oh. That's nice.
And where's Bert?
Fuck if I know.
Hey! How are you, you scalawag.
Look, given the current
geopolitical climate...
...all European countries should
have a seat at the table.
- Right.
- Except those fucking Ities.
I hate them Italian bastards.
- You know what I mean?
- Excuse me.
Hello, boy-o.
What the hell
happened last night?
You got steamed up,
pissed as a fart.
Too much sauce, son.
Don't worry. We come and got you
so you wouldn't miss the trip.
What trip?
Where are we going?
Where are we going? We're going
to see the Mighty Reds...
...do the frogs in Paris.
Aren't we, boys?
Yeah.
Why are you yelling at me?
So I tell the swamp
donkey to sack it...
...before I give her a tonk in
the tradesman's entrance...
...and have her lick me yarbles.
Wow.
You guys are on like a completely
different level of swearing over here.
Coop? Cooper, we're
going to Paris.
I know. Cecil told me.
Mieke's in Berlin. We're
not going to Berlin.
What are we gonna do?
We need a plan.
See what I'm talking about? This
is predictable Scotty talking.
Relax. Paris is practically
a suburb of Berlin.
It's a nothing commute.
This is why France and Germany
have always been allies.
Allies.
The twins. The twins
were in Paris, right?
We could give them a call.
They could help us out.
Let me see your phone.
All right, but I'm really only supposed
to use this for business calls.
Hey, don't...
You're on the wrong side of the
road, you snail-eating poofs.
Fuck off. Go on, you Gaelic
fucking garlic-breath tossers.
Piss off. Get in here and say
that, you froggy, Itie shities.
Fucking beep. We'll beep, you
bastard, all over your fucking nose.
Get out of the way. Piss off.
Hey, lads. That wanker's got
a frog football shirt on.
Let's give this Nancy a
fucking good kicking.
Come on, lads, he's going off.
All right. Twins said
they'd meet us here.
- Look at that.
- There they are. Come on. Jenny.
- Jamie.
- Hey.
Come here.
No, no. No, no, no.
- Scott, bienvenue a Paris.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- What is that a new camera?
- This isn't just a camera...
...this is a Leica M7.
Über-sensitive exposure settings,
legendary cloth-shutter system.
- Let me see that thing.
- No can do.
I spent the last four years tutoring
lacrosse players to pay for it...
...so nobody touches
my camera but me.
- So it's like your Wiener.
- No, it's not like my...
- Jenny.
- Cooper, leave him alone.
Wow, I can't believe you came all
the way to Europe for a girl.
Oh, wait, no, not just any girl.
Show her the picture, Scotty.
She makes every girl in our
high school look like a walrus.
- I'm a girl from your high school.
- No, I mean "girl" girls.
Guys, we're wasting the whole day here.
We're in Paris.
Let's go to the Louvre.
To the Louvre.
So you guys wanna stay here...
...or should we check out the
huge line at the Eiffel Tower?
Here's a fun fact.
Voltaire contracted syphilis
just two blocks from here.
- Should we go?
- Can we please get out of here?
- This guy's really creeping me out.
- Who, robot man?
He's just trying to
feed his robot family.
- I really don't like him.
- Why?
Because he's doing this?
All right. Okay,
seriously, don't do that.
Cooper. Do not hate me.
I am familiar with over 600 dance
moves and I am programmed to get:
Freaky.
Ha, ha. You're just upset because
people like me better. It's okay.
Oh.
Fight. Fight.
Break the leg, Scott.
Don't look in his eyes, Scotty.
- Oh.
- That was not cool.
Guys, let's go. Come on.
Error. Error. Error.
How cool is this?
It's a shame we only get
to spend one day together.
- Why don't you come to Berlin?
- Mm, no.
Jamie, come on. In a few months,
we all go to different colleges.
This could be the last chance the
four of us are together like this.
Plus, we're in Europe. Huh?
This should be the
trip of a lifetime.
There's no way we
should split up.
All right, this table
is now Europe, okay?
Ahem. Excuse me. We are
right here, in Paris...
...and I have got to get to Mieke,
who is over here, in Berlin.
If you come with us, I'm sure there's a
ton of great stuff to see along the way.
- We can go to Denmark.
- I love Denmark.
- We gotta hit Amsterdam.
- Definitely.
And the cathedral at Cameret.
- Yeah. Maybe.
- Maybe. We'll see.
- Whatever.
- If there's time.
Come on. I really want you to
be there when I meet Mieke.
- Fine.
- Excellent.
- All right. A toast.
- Yes.
- Ahem. To Mieke.
- To Europe.
To Europe.
- Berlin, here we come.
- All right.
Better let me hold on to those.
- What the hell is that?
- It's a traveler's money belt.
Frommer's says as long as
you have one of these...
...no one can rob
you of anything.
Except your dignity.
No, you just put that in your...
Wait, what?
Come on, Guidebook. Let's go.
Check it out.
European ass.
What's up?
Jesus, Jenny. I thought
you were some...
...girl. Come on. Platform 4.
Thanks.
Damn.
I believe this is yours.
Pleased to meet you.
My name is Christoph.
- Jenny, let's go.
- Come on, move it.
Those are my friends. We're supposed
to get on a train to Berlin...
- Jenny!
- I'm coming!
So it was really
nice to meet you.
The pleasure was all mine.
Jennifer.
Scotty doesn't know
That Fiona and me.
Do it in my van on Sundays.
Tells him she's...
What?
You gotta admit, it's
a really catchy tune.
Tells him she's in church
But she doesn't go.
Still she's on her knees
And Scotty doesn't know.
Scotty doesn't know.
Scotty doesn't...
You know, there are a lot of
other empty compartments.
Huh?
Ah.
Pardon me.
Eh?
Oh.
Oh, ow!
Hi.
What the hell are you doing?
No. No, no, no.
- Uh-oh.
- What?
Big tunnel.
Who's touching me?
Scotty, is that you?
Who's touching me? Scotty.
Crane Sur Mer. We
change trains here.
Well, we got a couple
of hours to kill.
What's there to
see in this town?
Hello? The Monument
des Poissonieres.
It's a monument to all the local
fishermen that were lost at sea.
Frommer's says it's supposed
to be quite moving.
What the hell is wrong
with you, C-3PO?
We're here to see Europe,
not some crappy statue.
I'm taking a nap. Wake me up
when the train gets here.
Hmm. Says here this town
has a famous nude beach.
All right, we can't all
just lie around all Clay.
We gotta get out there and
experience the culture firsthand.
Let's go exploring.
So, what's the
etiquette on boners?
Do I roll over and dig out a hole for it
or is it cool to just let my flag fly?
Wait, wait, wait.
Does "nude beach" mean we
have to get naked too?
Of course.
Do you think you can go an hour
without your currency colostomy bag?
Hey. Hey, as long as this thing has
our money and passports in it...
...it's not coming off, and my
trunks aren't coming off, either.
Come on, Jamie. You came
all the way to Europe.
Can't wimp out now.
Okay.
- All right, on the count of three.
- Here we go.
- Ahem.
- Three, two, one...
Ha, ha. Look at Jamie's penis.
- Ha, ha.
- Very funny. Very funny.
All right. All right. Ahem.
Let the crazy, European
sex odyssey begin.
- Here we go.
- Really?
- Yes.
- Mm-hm.
Hello, ladies.
- Ladies?
- Bitches?
Ew. What a rip. There's no nude girls here,
just guys like us looking for nude girls.
I don't understand.
Evans Sur Met has one of the best
nude beaches on the continent.
However...
...during the summer,
the European women are
chased away by gawking
male tourists...
...so Europe's most nubile exhibitionists
head to the deserted beach...
"...right next to the
Monument des Poissonieres. ".
There's so many penises.
Frommer's tried to tell you,
but you just didn't listen.
This is the biggest
sausage fest on earth.
It's the International
House of Sausage.
Hey.
- Thanks for waiting.
- You're not missing anything.
It's all guys.
Well, at least the sun's out.
Holy crap.
What? I thought this
was a nude beach.
No!
- Huh?
- No, no.
What? What are you doing?
Jenny, you gotta cover up.
Cover up, cover up.
Girl?
Girl.
Ooh, girl. Girl. Ooh, girl.
Girl. Girl.
Run.
I'm not gonna make it.
- Go on without me.
- All right. See you.
Are you reading, uh,
Mieke's old e-mails again?
Mm-hm. Yeah.
I have no idea what I'm going to
say to that girl when I see her.
You know, she said I
might be the one?
That's huge.
I've never been
"the one" before.
Thought I was "the one" with Fiona,
but turns out I was, what, 101?
- Two hundred.
Look, you got nothing
to worry about.
You'll show up and sweep
her off her German feet.
Thanks.
Yeah.
I Will, Won't I?
I'm so sad and lonely.
I just wish someone would show up
and sweep me off my German feet.
Mieke. I'm here.
Scotty.
About that last e-mail.
I'm so sorry...
The past is the past.
You're here now.
I've been saving myself for you.
Let us make love for
one whole month.
Touch me, Scotty.
0K8
Oh, Scott.
Guys, our train doesn't
leave till morning.
Where will we sleep tonight?
What do you mean, sleep?
We can sleep on the
train tomorrow.
This is the best thing
that could've happened.
We're in Amsterdam.
This is the drug and
sex capital of Europe.
Take a look at this.
"Club Vandersexxx."
"The Red Light District's
hottest sex club."
We have to check it out.
Who's with me?
I'll go.
Fine. Since no one else is willing
to go, I'll just go myself.
d JAXX: "TONIGHT"
Sitting, waiting for me.
This is definitely
where I parked my car.
Where we met for
the first time.
Hello there.
Welcome to Club Vandersexxx...
...Amsterdam's most
erotic club...
...where your every fantasy
will be fulfilled.
Also says I get a free
T-shirt with flyer.
He's American.
How sad for you to grow up in
a country founded by prudes.
A country overrun with
crime and illiteracy.
A country where a man is
forced to make sex...
...to only one
woman at a time...
...and one must learn the
woman's name beforehand.
- It was horrible.
- I know.
But you can come with me...
...and let the
Vandersexxx begin.
Ah.
d LINVAL THOMPSON:
"I LOVE MARIJUANA"
Marijuana in my soul.
Your iguana in my hall
I can't believe
we're doing this.
Don't worry. Hash brownies
are totally legal here.
You're gonna enjoy these, man.
These are magical.
I like to smoke marijuana.
- You wanna do this? Uh-huh.
- Yeah.
- Hi.
I need a new battery
for my camera...
...and while you're at it, it
could use a thorough cleaning.
Wow.
Is that a Leica M6?
Actually, it's an M7.
It's got the built-in
light meter.
It's so beautiful.
So sleek, so powerful.
How's the new lens system?
Ha, ha. Makes the Nikon
look like a disposable.
You really know your cameras.
And you're very cute.
Me? Really?
I'm going on break.
I was going to step out
back and have a cigarette.
Would you like to join me?
I don't smoke.
Neither do I.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
What is it?
This is great.
You're so innocent.
Let's change that, shall we?
What would you like me to do?
Well, I don't really know.
I guess I haven't
really done that much.
Um, I haven't really found the time,
with all my extracurriculars...
...and model U.N., advanced placement
classes, after-school tutor...
Ah.
Gosh, you really like cameras.
Sometimes, we find our clients are
so overwhelmed with the pleasure...
...that they sometimes
scream out, "no"...
...when really they mean "yes."
And this is why we
have the safe word.
The safe word?
If at any time the ecstasy
gets too great...
...you just use the safe word.
Until we hear the safe
word, we will not stop.
Yeah, right. Stop. All right.
We're going to start slowly...
...teasing you with a little,
light erotic foreplay.
Whee. Ha, ha.
Oh, yes, ladies.
On, on, Vandersexxx!
Hans. Gruber.
Hi.
So are the girls coming back?
Administer the testicle clamps!
Huh? What? Hey.
Safe word.
What is that? That's
not a word, it's a...
- Okay, mister, don't move.
- Excuse me?
Shut the hell up.
Oh, brother. Please
don't hurt me.
Oh, no. You're fine. That's good.
You're fine.
Give me cash? You got cash'?
Take it all, you dirty girl.
What? Your wallet. Focus.
- Give it to me.
- Oh.
Oh, I love you.
I love you.
I love you. I love you.
What's so funny?
Mm. I'm really hungry. I
think I've got the munchies.
- Excuse me.
- Huh?
It's hot in here. You hot?
Because I'm really hot.
- Mm, so good.
- Okay, I can't breathe. God.
I'm freaking out. I think we got a
bad batch because I'm freaking out.
I can't... I can't do this.
I saw a gay porno once. I
didn't know until halfway in.
The girls never came.
I am freaking out!
- Everything all right with you?
- No, nothing's all right.
You sold us a bad batch of hash brownies.
You're a bad Rastafarian.
These are not hash brownies.
Hmm?
- What was that?
- We do not sell hash brownies here.
We're a simple Dutch bakery.
Now put your clothes
back on, white boy.
Ow. Ow. OW.
Did you say fluggegecheimen?
Yes. Yes. For the love of
God, fluggengecheimen.
- Are you sure?
- Yes, please.
As you wish.
Bring on the fluggegecheimen!
Wait, what?
Uh-oh.
No, no, no. I didn't
say fluggegecheimen.
I said, uh:
What'd you do last night?
I don't want to talk about it.
What did you guys do?
Don't want to talk about it.
- What is that?
- Free T-shirt.
Hey, guys.
- What happened to you?
- I got robbed.
It was awesome.
All our money, our
passports, our tickets...
...everything, gone.
How the hell could this happen?
We all go to Amsterdam and
Jamie's the one who hooks up.
For shame.
Oh, that's me.
Coop here. Sorry.
Hello, Mr. Walters.
What do you mean, you never
got the Gutterman file?
I told, uh, Humphrey
to give it to you.
That's hogwash. I handed it
to him myself yesterday.
Yes, sir, I will tell Humphrey to
report to your office immediately.
Bye.
This job's killing me.
- Uh...
- Uh, let me handle this.
I speak bad German.
- What did he say?
- He said he's driving.
- Oh.
- Something.
- Yeah. Ha, ha.
- Uh...
Berlin?
- Berlin?
- Berlin.
- He's going to Berlin.
- Awesome.
- All right. Berlin.
- Come on, let's go.
Next stop, Berlin.
Beautiful. We made it to Berlin.
Yeah. Berlin. Ha, ha.
- Bratislava?
- Yeah.
Bratislava.
Dear sweet mother of God.
We're in Eastern Europe.
Ew.
Excuse me.
Do you speak any English?
You are Americans?
Yeah.
I love America.
We just get Miami
Vice on television.
Hey, man, Miami Vice is
number one new show.
- Ha, ha.
- Yeah.
Um, listen, we're trying
to get to Berlin, Germany.
Do you know if there's a
train coming anytime soon?
Oh, yes, very soon. They
are building it now.
Stop. Hammer time.
Enjoy Bratislava.
It's good, uh, you
came in summer.
In winter, it can get
very depressing.
We gotta figure something out.
How much money do we have?
Frommer's travel tip.
I don't have anything.
What? I got noth... Fine.
A dollar and 83 cents American.
What are we gonna get with that?
Gotta love that exchange rate.
Dinner is served.
Would the masters care
for anything else?
Think we're good. Thanks.
Ah. A nickel.
You see this?
I quit.
I open my own hotel.
So we got 27 cents left.
What is there to
do in this town?
d "SCOTTY DOESN'T KNOW"
My Scotty.
Don't tell Scotty.
Scotty doesn't know.
Hey. This song sounds familiar.
Scotty doesn't know
Jenny, let me check your coat.
- Hey.
- Jenny.
That outfit is horrible.
Just take it off now!
No, but I will let
you buy me a drink.
Excuse me.
You are the woman from the Paris
train station, aren't you?
- My name is...
- Christoph.
Ha, ha. Yes.
What are you doing here?
This is my place. My family owns
many night clubs throughout Europe.
I'd be honored if you'd join
me in my VIP room for a drink.
0K8
Bye, Cooper.
- What's that?
- It's Absinthe.
Frommer's says it's
illegal in the States...
...because it makes you
hallucinate and go crazy.
They call it "The Green Fairy."
My family has a yacht
in the Aegean.
Come with me, Jennifer. We
will sail away together.
Oh, my God.
We will swim with dolphins and
sip champagne by moonlight.
Oh, my God.
We will spend the day
sunbathing, drinking wine.
My wife makes the best sangria.
Wait. What?
Sangria.
You take a good Spanish rioja, and
you put in slices of orange and...
No, no, no. Wait. You
said you were married?
So you just go around Europe,
sleeping with every woman you meet?
No, please, Jennifer. It is not like that.
I also sleep with men.
I gotta say, I'm not
feeling anything.
Me neither.
Sober as a judge.
How about you?
I'm not feeling a goddamn thing.
This Absinthe is bullshit.
I hear you, my brother.
I'm out of here.
Excuse me.
- Hey, so where's Christoph?
- Shut up.
d THE SALAD: "GET LOOSE"
We don't care if you stare
'Cause the music is tight.
Let me hear you say "yeah"
So we can do this right.
So we can do this
right Come on.
Come on Come on.
- Europe.
- Whoo.
So tomorrow, Berlin.
Tomorrow, Mieke.
d CHEMICAL BROTHERS:
"LET FOREVER BE"
To sail in on the breeze?
Check it out.
No way.
Jamie's hooking up with another girl?
Goddamn it.
It's just so unfair. I've been all over the
place, looking for crazy European sex...
...and he's the one
who ends up...
Oh, my God.
That is some pretty
fucked-up shit.
They really are the
worst twins ever.
That was a pretty
wild night, eh?
Yep. Pretty wild, pretty wild.
I know I was out of control.
How about you guys?
Did you, uh...?
All right, look. We
were really drunk...
...things got a little
crazy, and Jamie...
...kissed me.
Let's just forget
about it, okay?
Okay, fine. I'll give it a rest.
Jamie, could I borrow
your Frommer's?
Oh, here it is. Bratislava.
Hmm. Capital of Slovakia.
Oh, here's a fun fact.
You made out with
your sister, man.
- Shut up. Shut up. Shut up.
- Like two dogs in heat.
My friends, where is the beef?
You go to Berlin? I'm your ride.
Hop in.
Hey. This is Mieke's
apartment building.
Wish me all sorts of luck, guys.
You'll do great, Scotty.
Thanks.
I came all this way. I'm
not gonna miss this.
- Dude, Mieke's hideous. Run.
- Stop.
Hi, uh, my name is Scott Thomas.
I'm from America and
I'm here to see Mieke.
I'm sorry, but Mieke's not here.
- Do you know where she is?
- She's gone for the summer.
My daughter had intended to
spend the summer in America...
...looking at colleges and
visiting some friends.
But, uh, several days ago, she
suddenly changed her mind.
She would not tell me why.
I think I know why.
Uh, this is Heinrich.
He's Mieke's stepbrother.
As I was saying, she packed
up her bag and left.
- It was all very sudden.
- Do you know where she is now?
As you know, she's always been
very interested in the classics...
...Greek and Roman literature and history,
and she's always enjoyed the ocean...
...so she found a program that
combines all her interests.
Do you know where she is?
Mm. Uh, she enrolled in a
summer-at-sea program, based in Rome.
Rome.
Okay, then I guess we'll
go to Rome, then.
Unfortunately, Mieke's only
in Rome for orientation.
Tomorrow her group boards a boat
and she'll be gone for the summer.
She'll be, uh,
quite unreachable.
Unreachable.
Mieke's tour group goes to
the Vatican tomorrow...
...then she gets on that
boat and she's gone.
So it's over?
Uh, hey. Thanks for sticking with
me through this, guys, but...
...you should probably call your parents,
have them wire you some money and go home.
What are you gonna do?
I'm going to Rome.
I'll Walk, I'll hitchhike...
...I'll swim if I have to, but
I'm gonna get to Mieke somehow.
Maybe that'll help.
Where'd you get all that?
Wait. Where's your Leica?
- Sold it.
- What?
You sold your Leica? But
you loved that thing.
What about your photo tour of Europe?
What about the chateaus?
Chateaus have been
there for 300 years.
Mieke's gone in 12 hours.
Let's go. Frommer's says to check in three
hours before any international flight.
Come here, Guidebook.
Whoo! We're going to Rome.
We're going to Rome!
All right, Summer at Sea group.
Our tour begins in the Vatican Museum.
This way, please.
There it is.
This entrance is for
private tour groups only.
Oh. But we are a
private tour group.
We've come all the
way from America.
That guy in the orange
jacket is mentally retarded.
Si, I can tell. How
very, very sad.
Yes, it is.
But if you are a tour,
where is your guide?
We've got a fantastic
tour guide.
- Right here. Ha, ha.
- What? No.
The Vatican has been used
as a papal residence...
...ever since the time
of Emperor Constantine
the Great of the
5th century A.D.
Oh. Okay, um, if you'll all
follow me, please. Ahem.
Have a very special day...
...for a very
special little man.
Okay.
I can't believe that guy let us in.
What a retard.
Okay, let's find Mieke.
One of our English-speaking
tour guides has called in sick.
Could you please take
these peoples also?
- How big is Vatican City?
- Point-five square kilometers.
- Who built the colonnade?
- Gianlorenzo Bernini, 1656.
- Uh, where are the bathrooms?
- Floors 2, 6 and 7.
Next I'll take you to where the College
of Cardinals elects a new pope.
When this happens, white smoke is sent up
from the Vatican. Here's a fun fact...
Mieke's gotta be
around here somewhere.
Let's go.
Behind me is the
appartamento papale...
...or "papal apartment." We're
obviously not permitted in there.
Excuse me, miss. What is this?
Oh. That is the
Bell of San Marco.
When the pope dies, the
cardinal vicar of Rome...
...rings this Bell to
notify the people of Rome.
Next we will view the Sistine Chapel.
Follow me, please.
Come on. I think I heard them.
Which way did they go?
That way. I'd stake
my reputation on it.
Good enough for me.
Hey, check it out.
I wonder what this does.
It doesn't do anything, it's a rope.
Come on, let's go.
They got a lot of
old stuff here.
The Bell of San Marco.
The pope is dead.
Whoa.
She's not in here.
Let's go. We're definitely
not supposed to be in here.
Hey, check this out.
- I'm the pope.
- Cooper.
Take off the pope hat.
- Oh, no. It's okay. I'm Catholic.
- Cooper, take it off, goddamn it.
Oh, you took the Lord's name in vain.
Only I can forgive you now, my son.
- Take that fudging thing off.
- The pope breaks an open-field tackle.
It's a Hail Mary, he catches at
the 40, the 30, the 20, the 10.
Touchdown, pope!
The pope makes a
two-point conversion.
And oh, my lord. It's the pope,
eight, and the heathens, nothing!
How's you, sucker?
Cooper, the hat. The hat.
The hat is on fire.
We don't need no
water, let the IN...
I'm not kidding. Look.
Oh, holy shit.
- Ooh!
- I don't want this.
Fireplace. Fireplace. Go, go.
Whoa.
White smoke.
They've elected the new pope!
I'm coming to you live
from Vatican Square...
...where the College of
Cardinals, in a surprise move...
...has just elected a new pope.
The crowd is very, very excited.
This is so strange.
Usually they wait 15 days
to elect a new pope.
We could be seeing
history in the making.
We could be seeing an
arrest in the making.
There she is. Mieke.
Hey. Stupid curtain. Unh.
Let me out.
Mieke!
It's the new pope!
What the hell?
Mieke.
Hold on.
This is one crazy pope.
You. Ferma. Stop. You.
You and your retarded friend...
...you're in big, big trouble.
Oy.
Take your mitts off them boys.
They're with me.
I've just about had enough
of you fucking Ities.
But I am Swiss.
Them too.
Now, bud, you get in there, and
you say what you got to say.
Mieke. I'm here. I made it.
Who are you?
What a fucking loser. I'm
gonna videotape this.
I'm Scott.
From Ohio?
Scott? Scott Thomas?
- Yes.
- From Ohio?
- What are you doing in Rome?
- I came here to be with you.
Listen, I just traveled all
the way across Europe.
I got chased by naked men.
I ate brownies with
absolutely no drugs in them.
I watched a brother
and sister make out.
I kicked a robot in the balls,
but I did it all so that...
So I could tell you one thing.
I love you, Mieke.
Aw.
We're perfect for each other.
What do you think?
I think...
Oh, Mieke... Mieke.
Forgive me, Father,
for I have sinned.
I have cheated on my husband.
Do you think God will
ever forgive me?
Oh, yes.
Father?
Father! Aah!
This sucks.
I can't believe I'm the only one who
didn't hook up while we were here.
Europe is officially the
worst country on earth.
I know.
I thought I'd at least get to
have some crazy European sex.
What?
- Scott, I have to go.
- Okay.
My boat is leaving.
I still can't believe you came
all the way here, just for me.
What can I say? I'm
very unpredictable.
Keep writing to me, Scott, okay?
Yeah, I will.
- Go.
- Bye.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
Woo-had.!
Hey, guys, I'm so glad we got
to take this trip together.
This was the best
time of my life.
Excuse me.
You're the young man who gave me that
tour of the Vatican, aren't you?
- Listen, I'm very sorry...
- I just wanted to thank you.
You were the most knowledgeable,
albeit idiosyncratic...
...tour guide I've ever had.
Ha, ha. Thanks. But I'm not
actually a tour guide.
Um, I've just read Frommer's
enough to have it memorized.
Although, I threw in a few things
Frommer's didn't know about.
How would you like to add them?
Excuse me?
That's my guidebook.
I'm Arthur Frommer.
It's amazing. Frommer's
is going to pay me
to see every museum and
cathedral in Europe.
- Ha, ha.
- That sounds so exciting...
...for you.
I figured, since you're
going to be staying...
...you might need this.
- A disposable camera.
- That's right.
- Thanks, Scotty.
- That's from both of us.
Scotty doesn't know
Scotty doesn't know.
Don't tell Scotty.
Hello, Mr. Walters. I see.
Fired? Well, I...
Well, if that's what you want,
I understand. I just...
Goodbye, sir.
They had to catch you
eventually, right?
- No, they fired Humphrey.
- Shut up.
I got his office and a raise.
- No.
- Ha, ha.
Flight 341 from Rome
to Cleveland...
- That's you guys.
- Yeah.
- Have a good flight, everybody.
- Come here.
Be good.
Oh. Okay.
- Have a good flight.
- Be good.
Thanks.
I'm on it.
Whoa!
This still counts
as Europe, right?
Scott ". " Dear Mieke.
Greece sounds incredible.
I just moved into my
dorm room today...
...but I can't wait to see
you over Christmas break.
"This time I think I'll
fly to Berlin direct."
- Hello?
- Hey, buddy, how's college?
Hey, I just got here. My roommate
hasn't even showed up yet.
Do they room all you
pre-med geeks together?
I'm not sure I'm going pre-med.
I'm thinking about
majoring in German.
Cooper'. German? I've
got a better idea.
Why don't you major in
"Not Being Such a Woman"?
So how's Jenny?
Jenny...? Jenny who?
I know a lot of ladies named
Jenny, they're all...
Ow.
Hey, Scotty, what's up?
Hi, Jenny.
Have you heard from Jamie?
How's he doing with Frommer?
Oh, no.
Hold on.
- Come here, robot.
- Cooper, not again.
Hold on, this should
be my new roommate.
"Cooper". What's the
freak look like?
Is he a dork or is he cool?
Better not be cooler than me.
Is he bigger than me?
I just got your last e-mail.
What are you doing here?
Going to college.
You're going to college here?
- What dorm?
- This one.
Room 214.
How is this possible?
I guess they thought
I was a guy.
Now who would be dumb enough
to make a mistake like that?
"Cooper". Do I hear kissing?
Are you making out with
your new roommate, Scotty?
Scotty?
Scotty? Scotty.
This happy ending is bullshit.
When does the fairy get laid?
I'm out of here.
- Catchy tune.
- Fucking-A, man.
Scotty doesn't know
So don't tell Scotty.
Fiona says she's out shoppin'.
But she's under me And
I'm not stoppin'.
Scotty doesn't know
Scotty doesn't know.
Hello, and welcome to Amsterdam's
finest and most luxurious youth hostel.
Sounds great.
There is no bathroom, nor
is there one nearby.
Ha, ha. Sorry.
- Get it?
- She got it.
If you do not wish to have
your valuables stolen...
...I suggest destroying them
or discarding them right now.
You can also try hiding
your valuables...
...in your anus.
Drink?
I'm gonna rip away his pants
and look at his dick, okay?
- Ha, ha.
- Ready? Quit. Shut up.
Sorry. I know I fucked it up.
I fucked it up.
Yes. You take her hair, and one
strand at a time, pull it out.
Use her like a humping post.
Jenny, this is Europe.
They have orange juice ads
with lesbians and dildos.
Happy Juice. Hee-hee.
You gotta show them something
they haven't seen before.
Oh, no! Ha, ha.
Scotty doesn't know
Scotty doesn't know.
Should a fire occur, due
to our faulty wiring...
...or the fireworks factory upstairs,
you will be incinerated...
...along with the valuables
you have hidden in your anus.
Scotty doesn't know.
Fuck off! Get out
of it, you wankers!
Go on, you Gaelic, fucking
garlic-breath tossers.
Piss off! Get in here
and say that, mate!
Come on! Fucking
come and have it!
You fucking beep?
We'll beep, you bastard, all
over your fucking nose!
Fuck off! Go on, you
French bastards!
Get on the other side of
the road, you pricks!
Go on out of it!
Fuck off!
I'm nackered.
League supporters.
Scotty doesn't know
Scotty doesn't know.
No, wait...
Hey! Check these out!
I'm 18 years old!
Scotty doesn't know!
Scotty's gotta go!
- Is it off yet?
- No, keep rubbing it.
www.NapiProjekt.pl - nowa jakość napisów.
Napisy zostały specjalnie dopasowane do Twojej wersji filmu.